So you're moving to a new location or say a new command. First thing you
should do is reach out to your sponsor. Typically, commands will
sign a sponsor to you because you're a new addition to the command.
And that person will be, you know, similar in rain age. Or, you know,
something similar to what you have and what you are. Excuse me. So
reach out to that sponsor. If you haven't gotten a sponsor, reach out
to the command 99% of time. Each command has a website, uh, thio
get in touch with and that command typically probably four or five months
or maybe even further out. Maybe about a year before you're due
to arrive, they'll send out a welcome aboard package, which includes
names, sponsor name, phone numbers, command information, email addresses
and things of that nature. It will also allow you to get in
touch with, say, the command on Budge Mint, which is typically a navy,
a spouse of someone in the command who's in charge of helping your
family get acclimated to the new area and you'll reach out through
your sponsor. And through that welcome aboard package, you'll be able
to find schools, living areas, housing opportunities, Religious service
is just about any and everything that you may need that those
personnel will be able to help you out. Another resource would be the
command CMC on the CMC, which is the command master chief. So he
or she will always have a plethora of resource is toe help you get acclimated
to the new command and the new area.